chore: v1.0.0-beta.80 (#527)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/changelog.md

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.80 (2022-01-24)

### Fixes

> - Fixed converts date-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with date-time conversion in YAML files.
```

> - Fixed the `oauth2-redirect.html` is absent when served by preview-docs command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the `oauth2-redirect.html` file being absent when served by `preview-docs` command.
```
